Manage AWS Batch Unscheduled jobs (#5936)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/config.md

  :::
: The AWS Batch Execution Role ARN that needs to be used to execute the Batch Job. This is mandatory when using AWS Fargate platform type. See [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/batch/latest/userguide/execution-IAM-role.html) for more details.

`aws.batch.killUnscheduled`
: :::{versionadded} 25.03.0-edge
:::

> : Kill and produce a failure when a job is pending and an unscheduled reason is detected (e.g `MISCONFIGURATION::JOB_RESOURCE_REQUIREMENT`) (default: `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Kill and produce a failure when a job is pending and an unscheduled reason is detected (e.g., `MISCONFIGURATION::JOB_RESOURCE_REQUIREMENT`) (default: `false`).
```

> : Kill and produce a failure when a job is pending and an unscheduled reason is detected (e.g., `MISCONFIGURATION::JOB_RESOURCE_REQUIREMENT`) (default: `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: When `true`, Nextflow kills a pending job and throws a `ProcessException` if an unscheduled reason (e.g., `MISCONFIGURATION::JOB_RESOURCE_REQUIREMENT`) is detected (default: `false`).
```
Please check meaning is retained.
